Initial Track Docs (#30)
exercism/wasm: exercises/shared/.docs/cli.md

# CLI

## Submitting the solution

> Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution using `exercism submit numbers.wat`.

Reviewer: Maybe parameterize this?

```suggestion
Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution using `exercism submit <exercise-name>.wat`.
```
